Adding note on unsupported Lambdas (#45308)
Azure/azure-content: articles/cosmos-db/gremlin-compatibility.md

* ***[Gremlin Bytecode](https://tinkerpop.apache.org/docs/current/tutorials/gremlin-language-variants/)*** is a programming language agnostic specification for graph traversals. Cosmos DB Graph doesn't support it yet. Use ```GremlinClient.SubmitAsync()``` and pass traversal as a text string.

> * ***```property(set, 'xyz', 1)```*** set cardinality isn't supported today. Use ```property(list, 'xyz', 1)``` instead. Learn more at [Vertex Properties with Tinkerpop](http://tinkerpop.apache.org/docs/current/reference/#vertex-properties).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ***```property(set, 'xyz', 1)```*** set cardinality isn't supported today. Use ```property(list, 'xyz', 1)``` instead. To learn more, see [Vertex properties with Tinkerpop](http://tinkerpop.apache.org/docs/current/reference/#vertex-properties) article.
```

* ***Non-primitive JSON types*** aren't supported. Use ```string```, ```number```, or ```true```/```false``` types. ```null``` values aren't supported. 

* ***GraphSONv3*** serializer isn't currently supported. Use `GraphSONv2` Serializer, Reader and Writer classes in the connection configuration.

> * **Lambda expressions and functions** aren't currently supported. This includes the `.map{<expression>}`, the `.by{<expression>}` and the `.filter{<expression>}` functions. Learn more at [A Note on Lambdas](http://tinkerpop.apache.org/docs/current/reference/#a-note-on-lambdas) and how to re-write them using Gremlin steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Lambda expressions and functions** aren't currently supported. This includes the `.map{<expression>}`, the `.by{<expression>}` and the `.filter{<expression>}` functions. To learn more, see [A Note on Lambdas](http://tinkerpop.apache.org/docs/current/reference/#a-note-on-lambdas) article and how to rewrite them using Gremlin steps.
```
